# Science must overcome its <u>racist</u>[^1] legacy: *Nature*’s <u>guest editors</u>[^2] speak

[^1]:种族的
[^2]:客座编辑

> We are <u>leading</u> Nature <u>on</u>[^3] a journey to help <u>decolonize</u>[^4] research and <u>forge</u>[^5] a path towards restorative justice and <u>reconciliation</u>[^6].

[^3]:带领
[^4]:去殖民化的

[^5]:开辟;打造

[^6]:和解

Science is a human <u>endeavour</u>[^7] that is <u>fuelled</u>[^8] by curiosity and a drive to better understand and <u>shape</u>[^9] our natural and material world. Science is also a shared experience, <u>subject</u> both <u>to</u>[^10] the best of what creativity and imagination have to offer and to <u>humankind[^11]</u>’s worst <u>excesses</u>[^12]. For centuries, European governments supported the <u>enslavement</u>[^13] of African populations and the <u>subjugation</u>[^14] of <u>Indigenous people</u>[^15] around the world. During that period, a scientific enterprise emerged that reinforced racist beliefs and cultures. <u>Apartheid, colonization, forced labour, imperialism</u>[^16] and slavery have left an <u>indelible</u>[^17] mark on science.

[^7]:努力
[^8]:推动; 加油
[^9]:塑造; 改造
[^10]:受制于; 服从
[^11]:人类
[^12]:过度行为; 过度
[^13]:奴役
[^14]:征服
[^15]:土著居民
[^16]:种族隔离, 殖民化, 强迫劳动, 帝国主义
[^17]:不可磨灭的; 无法忘记的

Although <u>valiant</u>[^18] and painful freedom struggles eventually led to decolonization, the impacts of those original racist beliefs continue to <u>reverberate</u>[^19] and have been <u>reified</u>[^20] in the institutional policies and attitudes that govern the ‘who’ and ‘how’ of individuals’ participation in the modern, global scientific enterprise. In our opinion, racist beliefs have contributed to a lack of diversity, equity and <u>inclusion</u>[^21], and the marginalization of Indigenous and African diasporic communities in science on a national and global scale.

[^18]:勇敢的; 英勇的
[^19]:回荡; 回响
[^20]:具体化; 修复
[^21]:包容性

Science and racism share a history because scientists, science’s institutions and influential supporters of science either directly or indirectly supported core racist beliefs: the idea that race is a determinant of human <u>traits</u>[^22] and capacities (such as the ability to build civilizations); and the idea that racial differences make white people superior. Although the most <u>egregious</u>[^23] forms of racism are unlawful, racism <u>persists in</u>[^24] science and affects <u>diverse</u>[^25] communities worldwide. <u>Following</u>[^26] the murder of George Floyd in 2020 and the expansion of the <u>Black Lives Matter movement</u>[^27] into science, *Nature* was <u>among those institutions</u>[^28] that <u>pledged to</u>[^29] listen, learn and change. In an [Editorial](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-022-01527-z#ref-CR1), it said, “The enterprise of science has been — and remains — <u>complicit</u>[^30] in systemic racism, and it must <u>strive harder</u>[^31] to correct those injustices and amplify marginalized voices.”

[^22]:特征; 特点
[^23]:恶劣的; 令人发指的
[^24]:存在
[^25]:不同的
[^26]:在…之后
[^27]:”黑人的命也是命”运动
[^28]:这些机构之一
[^29]:承诺
[^30]:串通一气的; 同谋
[^31]:更加努力

*Nature* invited us to serve as guest editors — <u>notably</u>[^32], to advise on the production of a series of special issues on racism in science, the first of which is due to be published later this year. We accepted the invitation, although recognized <u>the enormity of the challenge</u>[^33]. How to define terms such as race, racism and scientific culture? How to construct a coherent framework of analysis: one that enables us to examine how racist beliefs in European colonial and post-colonial societies affect today’s scientists in countries that were once colonized; and how racism affects scientists of African, Asian, Central and South American and Indigenous heritage who are citizens and residents of former <u>colonial powers</u>[^34]?

[^32]:尤其是
[^33]:挑战的巨大->艰巨的挑战
[^34]:殖民力量->殖民大国

We are <u>committed to</u>[^35] pursuing honest dialogue and giving a voice to those most affected by racism in science. But we also <u>seek to</u>[^36] provide readers with hope and optimism. Accordingly, our aim is to showcase some of the many examples of successful scientists who are Black, Indigenous and People of Colour, to highlight best practices and ‘lift-up’ programmes, and to feature initiatives that empower full participation and scientific leadership of African, Indigenous and diasporic communities around the world.

[^35]:承诺; 致力于
[^36]:试图
